Hi and welcome back to this end of course.
So now we are ready to build our multi had attention sub layer that will heavily used.
Of course the small scale that projects attention that we built just before right before starting to
write the code.
Let's have a look at the architecture once again of the sub layer so for each of the values queries
and keys we will apply a big linear function.
So which is exactly a dense layer intensive low and then splits the the the results into sub spaces
for each of those sub spaces.
We will apply the scale that product attention that we wrote just before then we will concatenate everything
so that we get back to words that have the right dimension which is the model.
And finally we apply.
Lastly in our function to this whole computation so let's start right now by creating all class multi
heads attention which inherits from layers.
That's like
as per usual we need this method.
The initialization that will take self and the number of projection that we want to perform we call
the Indian function from the layer layer class melty heads attention self and we call these units.
Here we are the way we will proceed now is we will try to write the code methods and to just write the
whole process the whole architecture of the sub layer and each time we need a new layer or a new viable
we will go back and declare it's in the appropriate method.
So let's define call that takes self queries keys values and the mask that we will want to apply.
And so the first step was to apply a huge linear functions to the queries the keys and the values so
let's write that queries equals self that query line of queries.
Same thing for the keys self.
That's those self that key line applied to keys and values equals self.
That's value linked to values.
So killing will equate really in killing and valuing of three dense layers that we need to declare right
now.
But if you remember well those dense layers they have a number of units which is exactly de model and
we need to have access to this model but we can't have access to them.
Indeed in this init method the reason for that is when we create an objects like Motorhead attention
so we will create our layer at that particular moment the class we will be in all the layer or whatever
they have no clue about to the inputs that it will get.
So it has no clue about the dimension of all vectors whatsoever but there is a way to have access to
those information where when we want to build sub layers of available US and this is the build methods
what this build method does.
Is that it's kind of the same thing as in its but instead of being called when we create the objects
it is called when we use the object for the first time.
So it kind of completes the whole initialization phase but it has access to much more information because
it will have inputs when it is called.
So just remember that built is kind of like initialization but instead of being called when the objects
created it is called the first time the object is used.
So this allows us to have access to more information when we want to declare layers of valuables or
anything like that.
And input shape is something that you can always use in these build methods and basically it's just
a list that conveys the shape of the first inputs for call.
So input shapes will exactly be the shape of queries right.
So we can define now so if that's the model which is inputs shape minus one last dimension of the of
the inputs and self that's really an equals layers that tense units equals self that the model.
Same thing for.
Actually let's be let's be lazy it will pass this one two times
because they are exactly the same type of.
So key and value I think we are good with this.
So now let's go to the next step.
After the after the linear function what we have to do is to split those inputs so queries equals let's
say as we repeat the process three times that we will define a function to do that.
So splits crush 4 projections of queries and we will give him the batch size you will see why later.
And once again I'm going to be lazy and do that do that for the keys and for the values keys and values
so let us now write this very function this method for all notes had.
Attention layer.
Def splits
splits please pros and we need self of course and for any inputs and batch size OK.
The reason we need this batch size is because we will basically reshape the inputs so that it's split
it into safe spaces and so we need to have a batch size so that we have all the information for the
shape we want to get so let's define this shape right now instead of having
inputs of shape batch size sack the length and the model one we want to return is something of shape
batch size the number of projections SEC length once again and the pros so even though this is the last
dimension that we want to split the number of projections just come here because this is kind of like
the same thing as channels when you make any artificial intelligence about images.
When you do computer vision our big matrix that we had before for each sentence is divided into sub
matrices and he we have a way to access each of those mattresses.
So this is why the number of projection comes here but when we will do the reshape it will first be
in this place instead of sequence length and sequence length will be that just because this is this
deep model dimension that we will split into no approach and the approach.
So let's see right now how it works by writing the shape batch size minus 1 will actually be the length
of the sequence so sequence length and we want to have self that's no well no approach.
Times
vectors of size if that's D
approach so this will be the shape we will use for the reshape which does the bigger parts of the splitting
process and then we'll just need a small three hour increments of the dimensions to get exactly the
shape we're all looking for right there.
So let's define splits inputs as to F3 shape inputs and shape equals shape.
So just to be clear what we what we have now is that instead of what we want as a result we have this
shapes
of these shapes so all we have to do is to invert those two dimensions.
And this is exactly what we'll do here in the return.
Instead of returning splitting inputs we return to efforts transpose splits its inputs and we give the
permutation this way.
So we just send it to the transpose methods.
The permutations.
So.
So let's say that the dimension 0 stays at the index 0.
Let's put the dimension number 2.
So the third one in place of the dimension number one which is the second one.
Let's do exactly the opposite right now for the dimension number one going to the instead of the dimension
number two.
And finally we keep the last dimension at its place.
And here we are we have just inverted those two dimensions and we get exactly the results we wanted.
So this is art speed methods if you paid attention we used he no projection and deep throat.
So we have to define those the number of projections was given to the melted attention layer when we
initialized it so we can just defining why that number approach equals then the approach.
And we used the dimension of each subspace for the so let's define its inbuilt because we need the dimension
of the model to do it because the dimension of each projection is equal to dimension of the model divided
by the number of projections so let's do that right now.
First we need to do one small thing which is to assess that self that the model can be divided as into
by self.
That's no approach.
This just means that we want to make sure that when we divide us into goals the model by the number
of projections the rest will be zero.
And these assets words right there just demand to have this condition.
So if it's not the we just stop and we know where it comes from.
And now that we make sure that we can do it let's just say that self that the Droege equals self.
That's the model divided.
So two slashes so that we get an integer as a result by the number of projections okay perfect.
So we are already done because we have been cleaning our functions that have been applied.
We depleted all the Crow's keys and values into safe spaces and now all we have to do is to compute
the attentions for each of those spaces so attention equals scaled that's projects.
Attention applied to queries keys values and the musk that's who we are.
So now we wants to perform the concatenation which is exactly the opposite of what we did in the split
approach and more precisely this is the opposite of this reshape method that we use right there.
So in order to do that we need to invert the dimensions once again.
So we need to put the number of POWs right here in place of the length of the sequence so that we can
match the number of projections with the dimension of the projections and go back to the dimension of
our model.
So let's start by making this either transpose thing to f that's transpose attention
equals.
Same thing as before we invert the dimension number 2 and 1 and we are ready to concatenate all those
attentions equals T F that's reshape attention shape equals batch size minus one and said that the model
lets make it cleaner.
And as we use the batch size he we need to define it.
Right there are actually we had to do it before we just forget because we needed for needed them for
the speed projection.
So let's say that batch size equals T F that shape queries and that's the first dimension that conveys
the matching size.
So now after the concatenation the last step is just to apply the ultimate linear function so that we
will call finally now to come cats attention.
And of course we have to define this one once again in the build method.
So self that's fine now lean equals layers that's dense and the number of units as before is self.
That's the model.
Perfect.
Well it seems like we went through the whole process of the melt had a tension layer.
So we can finally return outputs and be pretty proud of ourselves.
Well here we are merited attention sub layer is ready so we can finally go back to the main architect
of the transformer and start building the encoder and decoder.
This is exactly what we do next.
So seizing.